docs: Add the section about recovering (#9)
cheqd/docs: docs/setup-and-configure/interactive/interactive-installer.md

It's extreamely important cause during the installation process your `CHEQD_HOME/.cheqdnode` directory will be removed and all the configs and data will be lost.

### Run installer in `installation from scratch` mode

For running `installation from scratch` mode an operator should answer with current home directory for `cheqd` user (by default it `/home/cheqd`) and `No` on the question about `Existing cheqd-node configuration folder detected. Do you want to upgrade an existing cheqd-node installation? (yes/no) [default: no]`. After that the question about installation from scratch will be and answer `Yes` is needed here.

### Installation from scratch

After approving `installation from scratch` the list of questions will be the same as for [clean installation](#clean-installation).

**If there is backup of whole `config` directory** If you backed up the whole `config` directory, it would be better to skip setting up the node after installation, answer on question `Do you want to setup a new cheqd-node? (yes/no) [default: yes]:` no. Cause after installation you can just replace `CHEQD_HOME/.cheqdnode/config` with your own and start the service.

> **If there are only private keys** In this case I'd recommend to setting up the node after installation cause it does not require to change configs and genesis after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If there are only private keys** In this case we would recommend to setting up the node after installation cause it does not require to change configs and genesis after.
```
